feat: Add build-time policy to disable self-update in packaged builds (#675)
microsoft/apm: docs/src/content/docs/reference/cli-commands.md

- Downloads and runs the official platform installer (`install.sh` on macOS/Linux, `install.ps1` on Windows)
- Preserves existing configuration and projects
- Shows progress and success/failure status

> - Some package-manager distributions can disable self-update at build time. In those builds, `apm update` prints a distributor-defined guidance message (for example, a `pixi update` command) and exits without running the installer.

Author: ```suggestion
- Some package-manager distributions can disable self-update at build time. 
  In those builds, `apm update` prints a distributor-defined guidance message
  (for example, a `brew upgrade` command) and exits without running the installer.
```

This check is non-blocking and cached to avoid slowing down the CLI.

In distributions that disable self-update at build time, this startup update notification is skipped.

> 

Author: Fixed
